---
chunk_id: discourse_topic_161120_post_118_03
source_url: https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/161120/118
source_title: GA2 - Deployment Tools - Discussion Thread [TDS Jan 2025]
content_type: discourse
tokens: 909
username: Jivraj
post_number: 118
topic_id: 161120
---

**[Discussion Image by Jivraj]** This image captures a student's issue within the Vercel deployment platform, likely during a software deployment assignment. The screenshot shows the Vercel project dashboard, specifically under the "Project" tab and displays a "Production Deployment" view with the URL being `https://vercel.com/jivraj-18s-projects/api`. A significant portion of the display area shows a "Not Found" error, indicating that the requested URL was not found on the server. The right side of the screen shows deployment information, including the deployment ID (`api-6xs8fp81c-jivraj-18s-projects.vercel.app`), the domain (`api-ruby-seven-48.vercel.app` with "+2" indicating additional domains), the "Ready" status created on "28 Jan by jivraj-18", and links to "View code" and the "vercel deploy" command used for deployment. The student is likely experiencing issues with the API endpoint not being accessible, despite the deployment appearing to be successful and ready.uration issue within the deployed application, potentially related to the API endpoint setup. The image also shows buttons for "Build Logs" and "Runtime Logs" which could be helpful to diagnose the error." alt="image" data-base62-sha1="xoXGezoYCPN7WUGnT52ZEQSCH1o" width="690" height="317" srcset="**[Discussion Image by Jivraj]** This image depicts a student's deployment issue on Vercel. The user, Jivraj, has navigated to the "Production Deployment" section for their "jivraj-18s-projects" project and has selected the /api route. A "Not Found" error message is displayed, indicating that the requested URL was not found on the server, prompting the user to check spelling. On the right, Vercel displays the deployment details, including the deployment ID (api-6xs8fp81c-jivraj-18s-projects.vercel.app), domains (api-ruby-seven-48.vercel.app), status (Ready), and creation date (28 Jan by jivraj-18). The availability of buttons to view build logs and runtime logs suggests troubleshooting options, along with the source code link., **[Discussion Image by Jivraj]** This image depicts a student question within a TDS deployment tools discussion thread, specifically showing a "Not Found" error on a Vercel deployment. The student, Jivraj, is encountering an issue when accessing the `/api` endpoint of their Vercel project "jivraj-18s-projects," as indicated by the URL `https://vercel.com/jivraj-18s-projects/api`. The Vercel dashboard shows that the "Production Deployment" is in a "Ready" status, having been created on January 28th by Jivraj-18, with deployment URL api-6xs8fp81c-jivraj-18s-projects.vercel.app, but the endpoint itself is returning a 404 error as indicated by "Not Found" message. It suggests the student may need to check the spelling of the URL or that the API route is not properly configured in the project's code, possibly in the `vercel.json` file, or during deployment. 1.5x, **[Discussion Image by Jivraj]** This image from a student discussion thread shows a Vercel deployment page with a "Not Found" error, indicating a student is likely facing issues with their deployed API. The URL in the browser is `https://vercel.com/jivraj-18s-projects/api`. The error message states "The requested URL was not found on the server. If you entered the URL manually please check your spelling and try again." The "Production Deployment" section shows the deployment name `api-6xs8fp81c-jivraj-18s-projects.vercel.app` and the domain `api-ruby-seven-48.vercel.app` with a status of "Ready" as of January 28th. The source is marked as `vercel deploy`. The student may be facing an issue with the API route not being correctly configured or the API endpoint not being found at the specified path. 2x" data-dominant-color="414141">image1709×787 66.9 KB
