---
chunk_id: discourse_topic_171141_post_248_02
source_url: https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/171141/248
source_title: Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies
content_type: discourse
tokens: 924
username: 23f1001415
post_number: 248
topic_id: 171141
---

 $IMAGE_NAME` and use the same Dockerfile as in the GitHub repo. Because the prerequisites are not met, the student's Project 1 score is 0. 2x" data-dominant-color="DCDADC">Screenshot (390)1920×1080 266 KB

---

**[Discussion Image by 23f1001415]** This image depicts a student's GitHub repository named "llm_aa_tds_project" for a TDS (presumably a data science track) project, showing the file structure and commit history. The repository's main branch contains files such as 'app.py', 'datagen.py', 'evaluate.py', 'tasksA.py', and 'tasksB.py', along with configuration files like 'Dockerfile', '.env', '.gitignore', 'README.md' and a 'LICENSE' file. The majority of commits are labeled "Initial commit with Dockerfile and application code", suggesting an initial setup phase involving Docker integration and core application files. The student's view shows the percentage of Python and Dockerfile in the project along with suggested workflows. This suggests the student is likely working on setting up their project environment or has just finished initial commits, and the discussion context "Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies" indicates they might be comparing their project structure to a standard or expected setup.pare their projects and identify any missing files or discrepancies in their own implementations. The last modified date is shown as "2 months ago"." alt="Screenshot (391)" data-base62-sha1="kJRYrGZPuOJKpBriQd6q0xuXUV8" width="690" height="388" srcset="**[Discussion Image by 23f1001415]** This image depicts a student's GitHub repository for their TDS project, specifically named "llm_aa_tds_project." The student's username is "23f1001415." It shows the file structure of the project, including files like `app.py`, `datagen.py`, `evaluate.py`, `tasksA.py`, `tasksB.py`, `Dockerfile`, `.env`, `.gitignore`, and a `data` directory. The files have commit messages such as "Initial commit with Dockerfile and application code" or "Create app.py." The repository interface also shows the project has an MIT license and that the primary language is Python. This image would likely be posted by a student seeking help in a discussion thread, showing instructors or peers their repository structure for assistance., **[Discussion Image by 23f1001415]** This image shows a student's GitHub repository for the TDS project "llm_aa_tds_project", likely related to the discussion about discrepancies. The repository, owned by user 23f1001415, contains files like `app.py`, `datagen.py`, `evaluate.py`, `tasksA.py`, `tasksB.py`, `Dockerfile`, and others, indicating the project involves Python code and Docker. All top-level files like `.env`, `.dockerignore`, `Dockerfile`, `LICENSE` have "Initial commit with Dockerfile and application code" as the most recent commit message, suggesting an initial project setup. The repository has 6 commits, one watcher, and uses Python for 98.4% and Dockerfile for 1.6% of the project's code. This is a screenshot shared within the discussion to give context regarding project file structure and initial commits. 1.5x, **[Discussion Image by 23f1001415]** This image shows a student's GitHub repository named `llm_aa_tds_project`. The repository, owned by user `23f1001415`, is public and contains files such as `app.py`, `datagen.py`, `evaluate.py`, `tasksA.py`, `tasksB.py`, a `Dockerfile`, a `.env` file, and a `README.md` file. The files mostly have commit messages like "Initial commit with Dockerfile and application code". The repository shows that the codebase is primarily written in Python (98.4%) with some Dockerfile (1.6%) components, and it has 6 total commits. The GitHub interface shows the 'Code' button, indicating the main repository view, the 'About' section with no description and a MIT License badge, and the language statistics. 2x" data-dominant-color="191A20">Screenshot (391)1920×1080 208 KB
