---
chunk_id: discourse_topic_171141_post_169_01
source_url: https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/171141/169
source_title: Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies
content_type: discourse
tokens: 884
username: 24ds2000125
post_number: 169
topic_id: 171141
---

141/169)

Dear instructors, I received the mail today regarding project 1 TDS scores and I have been marked fail because the MIT license is not present. But as can be seen in the screenshot below the MIT license file is present in my GitHub repository. Pls look into this matter.

---

**[Discussion Image by 24ds2000125]** This image depicts the file structure of the `Project1-TDS` repository on GitHub, likely used in a student project, and shows a file listing that includes items such as `_pycache_`, `app`, `.DS_Store`, `Dockerfile`, `MIT LICENSE`, `datagen.py`, `evaluate.py`, and `requirements.txt`, along with their corresponding commit messages and timestamps indicating they were last modified around two months ago. The top of the view shows that the current branch is `main`, there is one branch in the repository and no tags. The most recent commit, performed by user `PalakAnand30`, involved renaming LICENSE to MIT LICENSE with the commit ID `ab381b5` from two months ago and the repository having 5 commits in total. The user interface shows standard GitHub elements such as a search bar, "Code" button, and "Unpin/Unwatch" options, suggesting it's a view within the GitHub web interface. This could be used in the discussion as reference for project setup, file discrepancies, or contribution guidelines.roject's history. Students likely use this view to understand project structure, download code, or check for updates." alt="Screenshot 2025-04-01 at 2.45.57 PM" data-base62-sha1="tB3aE4RkTmDqa8uC7Ck86pAcMv4" width="690" height="406" srcset="**[Discussion Image by 24ds2000125]** This image depicts a GitHub repository named "Project1-TDS", likely a student project, and represents peer discussion on file structure. The repository contains files such as `Dockerfile`, `MIT LICENSE`, `datagen.py`, `evaluate.py`, `requirements.txt`, and directories `_pycache_` and `app`. Commit messages indicate actions like "Initial commit," "committing final files," and renaming files (e.g., "Rename LICENSE to MIT LICENSE", "Rename dockerfile to Dockerfile"). This may indicate confusion points or discussions surrounding repository setup, file naming, or required files for the project. The discussion possibly involves ensuring the correct structure and content for successful execution or submission of the project., **[Discussion Image by 24ds2000125]** This image shows a GitHub repository listing the contents of the "Project1-TDS" repository, which is the context for a student discussion regarding discrepancies. The repository includes files and folders like `_pycache_`, `app`, `.DS_Store`, `Dockerfile`, `MIT LICENSE`, `datagen.py`, `evaluate.py`, and `requirements.txt`. Each entry includes a commit message and the time since the last commit. The top of the page shows the repository name, branch, and options like "Go to file" and the "Code" button. This image is most likely posted by a student in the discussion to reference the official repository content. 1.5x, **[Discussion Image by 24ds2000125]** This image depicts a GitHub repository for a project named "Project1-TDS," which is publicly accessible and the students use for peer discussion. The view shows the repository's file structure on the "main" branch, listing files such as 'Dockerfile', 'MIT LICENSE', 'datagen.py', 'evaluate.py', and 'requirements.txt'. The commit messages associated with these files show activities such as "Initial commit," "committing final files," and "Rename LICENSE to MIT LICENSE," indicating recent modifications and project setup activities. The user "PalakAnand30" made the LICENSE renaming commit. Based on the overall discussion thread context, this likely serves as a reference point in the discussion of discrepancies or issues related to the project structure or files. 2x" data-dominant-color="F6F7F7">Screenshot 2025-04-01 at 2.45.57 PM1776×1046 91.5 KB
