---
chunk_id: discourse_topic_164277_post_659_02
source_url: https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/164277/659
source_title: Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent - Discussion Thread [TDS Jan 2025]
content_type: discourse
tokens: 830
username: HARISH.S
post_number: 659
topic_id: 164277
---

 alt="image" data-base62-sha1="8eyfQqJ8vzcH4OKnZONZa6tydHd" width="690" height="269" data-dominant-color="070906">image885×346 15.3 KB

---

**[Discussion Image by HARISH.S]** This image depicts the GitHub repository "hello_world" owned by the user "Harish018S," suggesting a student is sharing their project code as part of the TDS LLM-based Automation Agent discussion. The repository is public and contains files such as `LICENSE`, `README.md`, and `app.py`, all created around 2 months prior. The main branch is selected, showing 2 branches and 0 tags, with the latest commit by Harish018S being "Create app.py," indicated by the hash `ee31a25` and having 4 commits in total. Navigation elements like "Add file" and "<> Code" are visible, implying the student might be asking about repository structure, file management, or code deployment within the project. Therefore, this likely represents a peer discussion or a question for the instructor regarding the project's initial setup and file organization within the repository.the code. This likely represents a student's initial project setup and is shared for context in a question about project structure or initial setup issues in the discussion thread." alt="image" data-base62-sha1="r1n9wAbkyVZ6YE3LxAtiumMQsLt" width="690" height="372" srcset="**[Discussion Image by HARISH.S]** This image shows the GitHub repository of a student (Harish018S) for the "hello_world" project, likely a submission for the TDS Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent in Jan 2025. The repository is public and contains files such as "app.py" (created by Harish018S two months ago) , "LICENSE", and "README.md". The UI elements visible are typical of GitHub, with tabs for Code, Issues, Pull Requests, Actions, Projects, Wiki, Security, Insights, and Settings, along with a search bar and buttons for "Add file" and "Code". The student has made 4 commits to the repo so far. The main branch is currently selected. This looks like a student sharing their initial project setup for peer review and discussion., **[Discussion Image by HARISH.S]** This image shows the GitHub repository "hello_world" owned by user "Harish018S" within the TDS Jan 2025 Project 1 discussion. It is a view of the code repository's main branch, displaying files like `LICENSE`, `README.md`, and `app.py`, with commit messages and timestamps indicating recent activity. The UI shows standard GitHub elements such as "Code", "Issues", "Pull requests" tabs, the "Add file" button, and the "Code" dropdown for cloning or downloading the repository. The student Harish is likely sharing his repository as part of a peer discussion or for instructor review related to the LLM-based Automation Agent project. The "4 Commits" indicator suggests a history of changes to the project. 1.5x, **[Discussion Image by HARISH.S]** This image depicts the GitHub repository "hello_world" owned by user Harish018S, likely a student sharing project code for the TDS "Project 1" discussion. The repository's main branch contains files such as "LICENSE", "README.md", and "app.py", with the most recent commit, "Create app.py," made by Harish018S two months prior. The UI shows standard GitHub elements: the code tab is active, along with buttons to add files and view the repository's code. It also displays the number of branches (2) and tags (0), and the repository's public visibility. It shows 4 commits have been made. 2x" data-dominant-color="12171C">image1330×718 54.7 KB
