---
chunk_id: discourse_topic_164277_post_505_03
source_url: https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/164277/505
source_title: Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent - Discussion Thread [TDS Jan 2025]
content_type: discourse
tokens: 963
username: Kabir1203
post_number: 505
topic_id: 164277
---

**[Discussion Image by Kabir1203]** This image depicts a student's file directory structure within the Windows file explorer, likely related to the TDS Project 1. The student, Kabir1203, is showcasing the contents of the "data" folder located in "This PC > Acer (C:) > data." The "data" folder contains various files including "docs" (folder), "logs" (folder), "comments.txt," "contacts.json," "credit_card.png," "dates.txt," "email.txt," "format.md," and "ticket-sales.db." This image is part of a discussion thread, likely aimed at illustrating the file organization or possibly troubleshooting file access or processing within the LLM-based automation agent project, and the modification dates also suggest activity. This image does not show any error messages or code snippets directly, but it provides context for potential issues related to file paths, file types, and data loading.le) and modification dates of 16-02-2025 11:56 or 11:58. This suggests a student is sharing their project's data directory structure with peers, potentially asking for guidance on file organization or data handling within the project. The discussion is peer-based, enabling collaborative learning and troubleshooting." alt="image" data-base62-sha1="e0xXVNIuDIVjQAEbtZoi7eTtHg6" width="690" height="354" srcset="**[Discussion Image by Kabir1203]** This image depicts a student's view of their file system, specifically the "data" directory, likely as part of the TDS project. The file explorer is displaying the contents of the "data" folder located within the Acer (C:) drive, accessible from "This PC". Visible within this folder are various files and subfolders, including "docs", "logs", "comments", "contacts", "credit_card", "dates", "email", "format", and "ticket-sales", each with associated metadata like 'Date modified', 'Type', and 'Size'. The student is probably exploring this directory as part of understanding data requirements or file structures for the LLM automation agent project. This is likely a troubleshooting post where the student is trying to show their directory structure for debugging or informational purposes, as they proceed with setting up their project., **[Discussion Image by Kabir1203]** This image, posted in the "Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent - Discussion Thread," shows a student's file explorer view of the "data" folder within their Acer (C:) drive, as part of TDS assignments 4 and specifically the llm-automation-agent project. The folder contains a mix of files including "docs" and "logs" (File folders), "comments," "dates," and "email" (Text Source Files), "contacts" (JSON Source File), "credit_card" (PNG File), "format" (Markdown Source), and "ticket-sales" (Data Base File) which were all last modified on 16-02-2025 at around 11:56-11:58. This file structure likely relates to the data used or generated by the student's LLM-based automation agent, with different file types indicating various data storage and format requirements of the project. The post is likely used to show file organization for troubleshooting or asking peers about proper data formats. The student is aiming to ensure correct data handling for successful agent automation. 1.5x, **[Discussion Image by Kabir1203]** This image shows a student sharing a screenshot of their file system within the "data" directory on their Acer (C:) drive, likely as part of a peer discussion on file organization for the TDS "LLM-based Automation Agent" project. The directory contains several files including "comments" (Text Source File, 10KB), "contacts" (JSON Source File, 9KB), "credit_card" (PNG File, 5KB), "dates" (Text Source File, 15KB), "email" (Text Source File, 1KB), "format" (Markdown Source, 1KB), and "ticket-sales" (Data Base File, 32KB), alongside the subdirectories "docs" and "logs." The student is likely referencing these files to illustrate a point, perhaps related to data handling or the agent's functionality in processing various file types. This allows other students to visualize the project's data structure and offer feedback or suggestions regarding project setup and implementation. Understanding this file structure is important for students working with the automation agent. 2x" data-dominant-color="F8F7F8">image1109×570 40.3 KB
